{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 These files simulates JWST coronagraph sequences:\
Target roll1 \
Roll -10 degrees\
Target roll2\
Slew to reference, delta OPD. \
Reference with 9 points small grid dithers. \
\
Simulations include misalignments between exposures, wavefront change between  target and reference, photon noise and detector noise. All of these noise sources are \'93the best that we know now before launch\'94. Image registration will be needed before KLIPing these images. pre canned function that does that for JWST can be found in register_to_target of https://github.com/kvangorkom/pandeia-coronagraphy, but we might want to try the one in pyKLIP as well. \
\
\
\
The primary star is an a5v, mV = 5. \
Two planets were injected in the data:\
- at 1.5\'92\'92 a \'9351 eri spectrum\'94, Morley2012_t725g300f2_m0.0.spec.txt, normalized as mH=15.5.\
- at 0.7\'92\'92 a \'93hr8799 spectrum\'94, HRb_lte11-4.5-0.0.aces_hr8799b_pgs=1d7_Kzz=1d8_gs=5um.exoCH4.7.save.txt, normalized as mH=15.5.\
Note that these luminosities are not consistent with spectral type, this will be refined for final simulations. We will use this for now to set up the code. \
\
For each filter there is an \'93unocculted file\'94 that is a direct image of the star. In this simulation we have turned off saturation to make forward modeling more convenient. In reality JWST will be calibrator in the absolute sense (e.g. we will know that 1 ADU = X mJy) and we will run the forward model using the an off-axis PSF normalized to 1 in total count. \
\
}